For the midterm project I decided to edit and play around with one picture I took while walking on the Brooklyn Bridge from Brooklyn into the city. It was actually a really nice day and I liked the view so I just had to take the photo. I wanted to challenge myself to make as many different photos from that picture as possible.
First, I played with the pixels of the photo. Like we did when we first started playing around with code in photos. I thought the image looked very calm and normal and too blue. So I thought playing around with the pixels very basically would change the feel of the photo. After I changed the photo to be g,b,r instead of r,g,b it gave out a really inverted feel to the colors. I thought it was cool, the sky turned green and a lot of the other elements in the photo changed to have a green highlight.
I also recreated this photo to have only white or black pixels according to the brightness of the photos. If the brightness of the pixels was greater than 100 the pixel would become black and if it was less bright then it would become black.
I thought this was very basic, so I wanted to the break the photo into 4 quadrants next and change the pixels in each quadrant. I got this inspiration from the snapchat filters that give out four different photos of yourself or anything. And also from art that have 4 different colored art in each quadrant. On the right side of the picture you can see the clear difference between the top and bottom colors but with the other side the change between the colors are more subtle.
For the fourth image I wanted to start playing around with glitch art. I opened the images with Notepad++ and I started deleting and adding random sentences around. It didn’t get as glitchy as I would have liked it to, but I got it to work unlike in the homework assignments so I was happy with that. I also looked up anime on wikipedia and added the whole thing to the word editor, which I thought was pretty funny. I added it a couple of times throughout the text editor.
For the 5th image I opened it in a hex editor. I replaced a certain number/term with something else. All the 46’s in the hex editor I replaced with 9F. Once I did I saw it replaced 3466 terms, which surprised me so much. The picture came out really nice too. I got this inspiration from a youtube video, because I didn’t know there was a replace function or I just forgot. But it made the job of editing the text much easier and gave a faster result than just editing with a text editor.
For the 6th picture I wanted to use audacity since Cassandra used it for the last homework assignment. I honestly thought it seemed pretty fun to play with. When I first listened to the raw data of the file it was just a screeching noise like feedback from a TV. It scared me so much because it was like the sound was from some horror movie. I realized I didn’t convert the file into BMP format first so I couldn’t figure out how to see the image instead of hearing it for a long time until I watched a youtube video. I was also very content with the outcome of this picture. 
Overall I just wanted my photos to come out really weird and cool. Sometimes it didn’t come out the way I wanted. Like the notepad edited image. But overall I liked how my images came out. Even though the text edited image didn’t come out as cool, I was happy that I got it to work this time.
